welcome my name is lisa and now i'm
going to talk about
magnolia
the narrator recounts three instances of
incredible coincidences and suggests
that forces greater than chance
play important roles in life police
officer jim curring investigates a
disturbance at a woman's apartment
finding a body in a closet dixon
a neighborhood boy tries to tell him who
committed the murder
but jim is dismissive jim goes to the
apartment of claudia wilson
claudia's neighbors called the police
after she argued with her estranged
father
children's game show host jimmy gator
and then blasted music while snorting
cocaine
unaware of her addiction jim is
attracted to her and prolongs the visit
he asks her on a date that night to
which she says yes
jimmy hosts a long-running quiz show
called what do kids know
and is dying of cancer he has only a few
months to live
that night the newest child prodigy on
the show
stanley spector takes the lead as the
show begins
he is hounded by his father for the
prize money and demeaned by the
surrounding adults
who refuse to let him use the bathroom
during a commercial break
when the show resumes he wets himself
and freezes
humiliated when everyone realizes what
happened
as the show continues an inebriated
jimmy sickens
and he orders the show to go on after he
collapses on stage
but after stanley's father berates him
for freezing on air
stanley runs away from the studio
donnie smith a former what do kids know
champion watches the show from a bar
donnie's parents spent the money he won
as a child
and he has just been fired from his job
at solomon solomon
an electronics store due to chronic
lateness and poor
sales he is obsessed with getting oral
surgery
thinking he will land the man of his
dreams after he gets braces
he hatches a plan to get back at his
boss by stealing the money he needs for
his braces
the show's former producer earl
partridge
is also dying of cancer earl's trophy
wife
linda collects his prescriptions for
morphine and other drugs while he is
cared for by a nurse
phil parma earl asks phil to find his
estranged son frank mackey a
motivational speaker peddling a pickup
artist
course to men frank is in the midst of
an interview with a journalist who
reveals that she knows frank had to take
care of his dying mother after earl
abandoned the family
an angry frank storms out of the
interview when phil gets through to him
linda goes to see earl's lawyer begging
him to change earl's will
she admits she married earl for his
money but now loves him and does not
want it
the lawyer suggests she renounce the
will and refuse the money
which would go to frank linda rejects
his advice and leaves in a rage
linda berates phil for seeking out frank
but later apologizes
she then drives to a vacant parking lot
and washes down handfuls of prescription
medicine with alcohol
dixon finds linda in her car near death
and calls an ambulance after taking
money from her purse
before his date with claudia jim takes
fire during a pursuit and loses his gun
when he meets claudia they promise to be
honest with each other
so he confesses his ineptitude as a cop
and admits he has not been on a date
since he was divorced three years
earlier
claudia says he will hate her because of
her problems
but jim assures her that her past does
not matter
they kiss but she runs off jimmy goes
home to his wife
rose and confesses that he cheated on
her
she asks why claudia does not talk to
him and jimmy admits that claudia
believes he molested her
rose demands to know if it is true but
jimmy says he cannot remember if he
committed the abuse
upset rose tells jimmy he deserves to
die alone and walks out on him
donnie takes money from the solomon
solomon safe
as he drives away he decides to return
the money but discovers he cannot get
back in as his key broke off in the lock
while climbing a utility pole to get on
the roof
he is seen by a passing gym suddenly
frogs begin falling from the sky with
multiple consequences
as jimmy is about to shoot himself frogs
fall through his skylight
causing him to shoot the tv which sets
his house on fire
rose crashes her car in front of
claudia's apartment
but makes it inside and reconciles with
her daughter earl is awakened by the
sound and sees frank beside him before
dying
linda's ambulance crashes in front of
the emergency room
and donnie is knocked from the pole
smashes his teeth
and is dragged to safety by jim
jim counsels dani and helps him return
the money
his gun also mysteriously falls from the
sky
frank goes to the hospital to be with
linda who will recover from her
attempted suicide
stanley returns home and tells his
father that he needs to be kinder to him
but his father just tells him to go to
bed
jim goes to see claudia telling her he
wants to make things work between them
and she smiles in reply thank you all
for watching
don't forget to subscribe and hit the
bell notification for more of these
videos
you